like my right nipple is hard but if it
is just ignore it I've just been having
problems with that but anyways I just
wanted to give a huge shout out to
Stephanie from presidential for hooking
me up with this huge care package which
I'm just so excited about because I've
been running low on we I get really sad
in presidential doesn't come through
with my package when I want it because
then I have to like resort to other weed
which is fine you know what I don't mind
picking away from other people but I'm
just my heart is set on presidential cuz
they always take care of me and the back
to day is just super cute this is
literally like 10 to 15 pounds so I was
looking in it and then in my nose like
no I think you should film it because
people would want to see what you got in
this month's care package so we're just
gonna open it up together I did peek a
little bit I'm not gonna lie I did see
some my Cheetos in there and then I
wanted to read you guys to know because
I already read it it says Jenni just a
few more goodies for the Queen thank you
for always showing us so much love I
hope you enjoy everything especially the
little candle battery I made for you for
your vape be jeweled be jeweled my heart
and soul wait hold on I'm fuckin
illiterate ass bitch one on I hope you
enjoy everything especially the little
ghetto battery I made for your babe be
jeweled my heart and soul into it much
love your low-key found girl Stephanie
a.m. with presidential Oryx and she left
her phone numbers so I will be hitting
you up and I can't wait to meet you I
know every time like the delivery is
sent like I'm literally with the baby or
I'm out doing stuff with I'm so down to
meet you so she sent a fake bag this the
three this is the 369 bag because she
knows not to get me anything less than
that so thank you for that I have so
many bags of my Cheetos and I always
like to eat these like when I'm smoking
in my garage there is a bunch of shit in
here okay so let me just start off with
you accessories I love getting scent
grinders and actually they're grinders
are amazing
so he wants to grinders these are
separate tube and then there is a jar
full of candy these edibles are strong
I've had a few of them and I will say
that they're pretty fucking strong so
these are all hard candies and the
flavors are like watermelon green apple
cherry one in here
Oh peach that actually sounds really
gone great yes I'm so excited and
everybody loves me because I'm
technically like the wheat girl the
family because always be like oh you
want to joint like yeah you get a joint
you get a joint you get an edible you
get an edible so when I'm running low
like everybody in my family is sad
because when I'm running low that means
everybody in my family is running low so
we have a bunch of pre-rolls here this
is a blunt what I'm feeling like it
party mode I will smoke a blunt because
I feel like blunts are louder so it's
just sets the mood so this one is a
Topshop oh okay oh gee cush Private
Reserve and this is flour honey oil and
Keith this is like the moon rock and
this one is just regular wheat so these
are their normal joints that I'm always
smoking and I love them because they
come in different flavors so depending
on my mood
I will pick it up so we have some
watermelon here some strawberries these
are pineapple which I love Neil so have
pina colada and then we have some more
joints here and which crazy is that I
used to actually purchase these like
when I would go to the dispensaries I
would pay $15 for each joint and
honestly they were so worth it because I
hated try not know me because everybody
be like yeah this weight is so good like
they were like yes I I have the strong
sweep and then I smoked it in its shit
shitty ass weed so this you're always
gonna get a sick-ass high and then oh we
also got some vape cartridges which are
amazing Manuel loves cartridges and I
love them too these are so dope because
you can just throw them in your person
you could smoke out in public and nobody
knows what you're smoking you're just
like this is a vape and honey like don't
get it twisted you can smoke them in
front of señoras and in front of
señoras and they won't know they'll
just be like Mijas a masochist or oh god
ah pero no mucho porque de aqui no mas
is only big so it's super discreet and
it smells so good it's watermelon
you should probably um do one right now
yeah okay well we're gonna try right now
so we will be able to tell you guys if
they're good or not because I to be
honest I can't really remember and then
they sent over four lighters which are
so appreciated every time oh she did but
dazzling oh this is so cute
thank you girl so I'm going to open up
this cartridge repulsion hmm it's cute
it's super bougie it smells good this
actually smells really good
we're gonna use the battery that she
made me oh yeah it is charge
well it is fairly smooth
I don't really fuck with apes too too
much because whenever I smoke it like I
choke for some reason I feel like I
choke more on these and I do like an
actual joint and these don't smell like
weed never like they just it just sounds
like a babe like and baby is a good
thing now so I'm just gonna go ahead and
finish off exactly also sent over some
edible gummies which are so bone these
are a hundred milligrams in each little
box and it comes with four squares in
there each little like gummy is 25
milligrams so you can share them I
always like to nibble on edibles because
I don't know I'm just so terrified of
edibles and I trip out so these are
really really really good I would
totally recommend these but I will say
that the gummies are pretty intense and
I love the packaging I think it looks
very high-end we have a strawberry
tropical punch pineapple watermelon
pineapple and some more Moreland they
hooked me to fucki volcano so sent over
some shirts all of these are cute these
are leggings and they're shiny they're
glittery on the side that's cute
and then also I believe this is a shirt
and also a
sweater this might be a hoodie or a crop
top Oh No
why would they sell crop tops and a
sweater with the presidential logo at
the front um so yeah that is it for this
video I really hope that you guys
enjoyed it I want to start making like
more videos where I'm just you know like
kicking back like not so much like
production type because I remember when
I first started making YouTube videos
that's kind of how it started and I
think people I think people miss these
types of videos where I just like talk
about like nothing but in order for me
to be like that I have to be high yeah
me too that's it
[Applause]